1. My coaches care more about helping me to become a professional/top level performer than they do about having a winning team/performer right now
2. I am being trained to be ready for almost anything that is thrown at me in sport and life
3. If I got injured I believe I would continue to receive a good standard of support
4. My school/college/university don’t really support me with my sport when I need it
5. All the different aspects of my development are organised into a realistic timetable for me
6. Me and my sports mates are told how we can help each other develop further in the sport
7. I can pop in to see my coach or other support staff whenever I need to (e.g. physiotherapist, psychologist, strength trainer, nutritionist, lifestyle advisor etc)
8. I am rarely encourages to plan for how I would deal with things that might go wrong
9. My coach is good at helping me to understand my strengths and weaknesses in my sport
10. My coach is good at helping me understand what I am doing and why I am doing it
11. I struggle to get good quality competition experiences at the level I require
12. The advice my parents give fits me well with the advice I get from my coaches
13. My coach constantly reminds me what he/she expects of me
14. My coach and I talk about what current and/or past world class performers did to be successful
15. My coach doesn’t appear to be interested in my life outside of sport
16. The more experienced I get the more my coach encourages me to take responsibility for my own development and learning
17. My development pan incorporates a variety of physical preparation such as fitness, flexibility, agility, co-ordination, balance, strength training etc
18. If it didn’t work out for me here, there are other good opportunities that would help me to keep progressing in my sport
19. My coach and I regularly talk about things I need to do to progress to the top level in my sport (e.g. training ethos, competition performances, physically, mentally, technically, tactically)
20. My coaches and those who support me give me straight answers to my questions
21. I don’t often get any help from more experienced performers
22. Those who help me in my sport team seem to be on the same wavelength as each other when it comes to what is best for me (e.g. coaches, physiotherapist, psychologist, strength trainer, nutritionist, lifestyle advisors etc)
23. Developing performers are often written off before the have had a chance to show their real potential
24. My coaches and I often try to identify what my next big test will be before it happens
25. My training programmes are developed specifically to my needs
26. Currently, I have access to a variety of different types of professionals to help my sports development (e.g. physiotherapist, sport psychologist, strength trainer, nutritionist, lifestyle advisor etc)
27. The guidelines in my sport regarding what I need to do to progress are not very clear
28. I don’t get much help to develop my mental toughness in sport effectively
29. My coach rarely takes the time to talk with other coaches who work with me
30. I have the opportunity to train with performers who are at a level I am aspiring to
31. My coach rarely talks to me about my well being
32. Feedback I get from my coaches almost always relates directly to my goals
33. Organisation is a high priority to those who develop my training programme
34. My coaches ensure that my school/college/uni understand about me and my training/competitions
35. I am regularly told that winning and losing just now does not indicate how successful I will be in the future
36. My training sessions are normally beneficial and challenging
37. I regularly set goals with my coach that are specific to my individual development
38. I am involved in most decisions about my sport development
39. My coaches make time to talk to my parents about me and what I am trying to achieve
40. I am encouraged to participate in other sports and/or cross train
41. I am not taught that much about how to balance training, competing and recovery
42. My coaches talk regularly to the other people who support me in my sport about what I am trying to achieve (e.g. physiotherapist, sport psychologist, nutritionist, strength & conditioning coach, life style advisor etc)
43. My coach plans training to incorporate a wide variety of useful skills and attributes, for example, techniques, physical attributes, tactical skills, mental skills, decision making
44. I fell pressure from my mates in sport to do things differently from what my coaches are asking of me
45. My coach often talks to me about the connections/overlap between different aspects of my training (e.g. technical, tactical, physical & mental development)
46. I am constantly reminded that my personal dedication and Desiree to be successful will be the key to how good a performer I become
47. My coach emphasises the need for constant work on fundamental and basic skills
48. There are people who help me/teach me how to deal positively with any nerves or worries that I experience(e.g. coaches, parents, psycholgists)
49. My coach is a positive supporting influence on me
50. My training is specifically designed to help me develop effectively in the long term
51. I spend most of my time developing skills and attributes that my coach tells me I will need if I am to compete successfully at the top/professional level
52. My coach explains how my training and competition programme work together to help me develop
53. My coach allows me to learn though making my own mistakes
54. I am encouraged to keep perspective by balancing any frustrations I may have in one area by thinking about good progress in others (e.g. slow skill development but good strength gains or poor performances but good technical development)
55. I would be given good opportunities even if I experienced a in performance
56. My coaches and other who support me in sport are approachable (e.g. physiotherapist, sport psychologist, strength trainer, nutritionist, lifestyle advisor etc)
57. I often have the opportunity to talk about how more experienced performers have handled the challenges I face
58. My progress and personal performance is reviewed regularly on an individual basis
59. My coach emphasises that what I do in training and competition is far more important that winning
