1. I can pop in to see my coach or other support staff whenever I need to (e.g. physiotherapist, psychologist, strength trainer, nutritionist, lifestyle advisor etc)
2. I am rarely encouraged to plan for how I would deal with things that might go wrong
3. The advice my parents give me fits well with the advice I get from my coaches
4. My coach and I talk about what current and/or past world class performers did to be successful
5. My coach doesn’t appear to be that interested in my life outside of sport
6. My coach and I regularly talk about things I need to do to progress to the top level in my sport (e.g. training ethos, competition performances, physically, mentally, technically, tactically)
7. Those who help me in my sport seem to be on the same wavelength as each other when it comes to what is best for me (e.g. coaches, physiotherapists, sport psychologists, strength trainers, nutritionists, lifestyle advisors etc)
8. My coach and I often try to identify what my next big test will be before it happens
9. Currently, I have access to a variety of different types of professionals to help my sports development (e.g. physiotherapist, sport psychologist, strength trainer, nutritionist, lifestyle advisor etc)
10. The guidelines in my sport regarding what I need to do to progress are not very clear
11. I don’t get much help to develop my mental toughness in sport effectively
12. My coach rarely takes the time to talk to other coaches who work with me
13. My coach rarely talks to me about my well-being
14. I regularly set goals with my coach that are specific to my individual development
15. I am involved in most decisions about my sport development
16. My coaches make time to talk to my parents about me and what I am trying to achieve
17. I am not taught that much about how to balance training, competing and recovery
18. My coaches talk regularly to the other people who support me in my sport about what I am trying to achieve (e.g. physiotherapist, sport psychologist, nutritionist, strength & conditioning coach, life style advisor etc)
19. My training is specifically designed to help me develop effectively in the long term
20. I spend most of my time developing skills and attributes that my coach tells me I will need if I am to compete successfully at the top/professional level
21. My coach explains how my training and competition programme work together to help me develop
22. My coach allows me to learn through making my own mistakes
23. I would be given good opportunities even if I experienced a dip in performance
24. My progress and personal performance is reviewed regularly on an individual basis
25. My coach emphasises that what I do in training and competition is far more important than winning
26. My training programmes are developed specifically to my needs
27. My coaches ensure that my school/uni/college understand about me and my training/competitions
28. My coach emphasises the need for constant work on fundamental and basic skills
